Afghan:Originally this cannabis strain was imported from Afghanistan and selectively bred in Holland for indoor cultivation. Afghan has a strong acrid aroma.:51
AK 48:AK48 is an easy to grow plant of medium height and produces good yields quite quickly. Extremely STRONG odour and smoke. Take extra care for odour control when growing near neighbours.:60
Blue Mystic:Blue Mystic is one of the most popular strains of blue you have come to expect from the Nirvana seedbank. This mostly Indica strain with some origins in California, produces heavy buds with a velvet blue hue in the latter stages of bloom under good growing conditions.:52
Chrystal:Chrystal is a White Widow re-back-crossed with Northern Lights. Chrystal's buds are big and sticky with an almost kerosene like aroma and a quick hitting high. A F1 hybrid, Chrystal produces outstanding yields of top quality (and priced) grass.:55
Early Girl:Early Girl is easy to grow and not to potent for beginners. Under good conditions can grow as tall as 2 meters. Early Girl is very pest and mould resistant. The smoke is mellow with an slight skunky flavour. Outdoors in Holland it finishes in mid-late September.:53
Hawaii Maui Waui:Hawaii Maui Waui is a lanky tropical sativa, long a main attraction of the Hawaiian Islands. This strain has a citrus aroma and smooth fruity herbal flavour. The buzz from Nirvana Seeds Hawaii Maui Waui is inspiring.:54
Haze:The roots of our Haze begin in the foothills of the Bay Area, California in the 1970's. It is a stable magic mix of Columbian, Mexican, Thai and Jamaican. Haze has fluffy buds, a very long flowering period and delivers an intense rushing high.:56
Hollands Hope:Holland's Hope is a stable mix of Afghan and an early Skunk. Holland's Hope is an ideal plant for the outdoor grower cultivating in cool climates and where short summers may limit the growing season. This is a pest and mold resistant strain that can reach 2 meters in height with promising yields. Holland's Hope has a sweet flavour and is moderate in strength.:53
Top 44:T44 is one of our top commercial strains. Top 44 is our fastest flowering variety which under ideal conditions can be ready in ~6 weeks. This strain stays low and does not branch to much making it ideal for confined gardens or sea of green farming. Top 44 is a strong easy to grow plant and a great selection for the first timer.:51
White Rhino:White Rhino is a powerful F1 hybrid of White Widow and a curiously strong North American indica strain. White Rhino could have medicinal applications because of its high T.H.C. content.:85
