apricot-beauty:Hidden within a luminescent blend of pastel apricot and rose is a perfect soft green star. Combines beautifully with other spring flowers in the garden, also fine for cutting or forcing. Blooms in early season on 16-inch stems.:13
attila:Attila Midseason Triumph Tulip is ideal for areas exposed to the wind and weather. It's strong, sturdy stems make it also ideal for cut flowers!:11
bestseller:What can I say =).:12
black-parrot:Dramatic deep purple, almost black frilled blooms look superb planted in groups. Foliage is blue/green. Flowers mid spring. Will bring colour and texture to your garden borders or as cut blooms for the home.Height is 30-45cm (12-14 inches). Bulbs supplied 11/12cm.:15
china-pink:The word Tulipan was an intentional wordplay on Tuliben (Turban) because of a presumed resemblance between the round goblet flowers & a gentleman's turban. This was more apt to be the impression of tulip appearance to westerners than to Islamic peoples, who viewed the tulip not as a headdress, but as a type of Divine Fire.:19
flaming-parrot:Parrots are among the oldest and most eye-catching tulips. The huge flowers are very showy with laciniated or fringed edges. 'Flaming Parrot' makes a great cutflower with the yellow and flaming red stripes and the texture of parrot tulips. Great for a centerpiece in your garden.:25
generaal-de-wet:A beautiful shade of golden-orange, which shows to its best advantage when planted in combination with Muscari Armeniacum. Generaal de Wet - an Heirloom tulip with a wonderful, musky, sweet fragrance; soft, marigold orange suffused with yellow:14
mr-van-der-hoef:This tulip bears solitary, canary yellow flowers on sturdy upright stems which have several leaves. The tulip has been the favored spring bulb for centuries. Thriving where summers are dry and winters are cold, this bulb is treated as an annual where summers are hot and long. A genus with around 100 species, tulips are divided into 15 distinguishing divisions. Best planted in large drifts, tulips can be used in rock gardens, containers, overplantings above perennials, forced indoors, and used as a cut flower.:17
queen-of-night:Longtime favourites in Holland, these spectacular tulips all bear large, lush blooms in rich colours that will enhance any garden or indoor display. Our professional staff in Holland has hand selected only cream-of-the-crop, 12+ cm bulbs for your garden.:24
white-dream:Triumph tulips are known for their beauty and elegance and the White Dream is true to the Triumph breed. Its delicate white blooms will not only fill your garden with color, but they will fill your eyes with wonderful color. Coming 12 bulbs per bag, the "White Dreamr" loves the sun and the shade and will do well in beds and borders and would make an excellent cut flower.:18
